what the fam i am in san francisco and
i'm at the adobe offices and i'm about
to alive and do a broadcast about
editing and all things video and youtube
so here at the adobe offices they don't
have lacroix but they have talking rain
gonna make it my personal mission to
hook up lacroix in adobe
this is called the wobble sup got energy
see to the blog guys this is Michael and
we're gonna we're going to stream or
sure on the big green screen so there
will be a beautiful shot of what we're
doing on the screen behind us and look
they have gummy bears pre pre stream
snacks
also stars made yummies youtube
basically you can do how i go from just
enter interview footage to kind of the
finished products basically just drop my
clips into this timeline you know I two
angles for the interview in there I
start chopping it up and basically what
I do is I just copy and paste because I
want a version of interview that is
completely holistic and copy it and then
just start chopping up the parts so if
you don't have any presets or anything a
really good place to start is this limit
REE color panel I really like about this
is you can go in and say is your footage
flat is your footage video or is it log
we're giving out Creative Cloud
subscriptions right now if you all
weren't in the stream you missed out ok
no we're look at that beating like that
Paul's going through yes who needs to
bribe Paul anybody like you guys know at
Paul try to assess this is the cool part
of how this actually works though by the
way because we have this setup where we
just drop the name right in here right
and since this is named this folder in
Photoshop dot PNG and I have it
generating image assets and
automatically 28 so okay it's not an
image and then it's actually already and
I are is linear check yes that's it boom
winner winner chicken dinner yeah thanks
to Sarah and in the chat and we will be
back tomorrow at 9am there's a lot of
scooters here
the stream went well I had a very lovely
and let's dinner with the adobe team
this morning on the way to San Francisco
I did something that I have never done
before never done before ever regarding
flying airplanes so I have flown to many
places and faraway destinations Greece
Iceland Italy Austria first of all the
past four days I've really screwed up
and my sleeping schedule has been
sleeping from five a.m. to 11am which is
fine my body still get some sleep but it
interferes with the rest of the world
since the rest the world doesn't do that
so when I had to leave my my home at
530am to leave for a flight that just
didn't work out so I just didn't get to
sleep yesterday so I was like Sarah you
gotta sleep you gotta sleep on this
flight and I figured it out I figured
out how to do it I just didn't listen to
music it sounds so simple and sounds sit
down but I'm someone who if I'm autoplay
a nerd being transported somewhere I
have to have music like it's so
important to me to always be listening
to music what I was thinking about it
Sarah you don't first of all Sarah stop
talking at third person all the time
when i go to bed at night I don't sleep
with music so maybe that's what's
keeping me from being able to sleep on
airplanes I didn't listen to music and
guys I slept like four to five hours of
love plane ride from NYC to San
Francisco
so I've just been doing a lot of editing
and female eng I did something this
morning that oh I woke up around 9 30ish
10 ordered some breakfast I had lots of
coffee coffee is good right and then I
had just some stuff to do so I just
chilled on my bed with my laptop try to
get some more done I just fell asleep I
fell asleep good for like two and a half
hours I should have been getting stuff
done and editing but I fell asleep right
after I drank a ton of coffee I think
that's trying to tell me something and I
should just drink more coffee
excited for a second extreme long
shadows but I spend some time make it
look really nice you can do some awesome
stuff look at these miniature sour patch
kids what's even the point of
individually wrapped sour patch kids
just finished up second and final stream
it was fine Michael and Paul yeah right
yeah you can watch it which would be on
directly yes and it's now on the adobe
creative cloud channel so you can go
back and watch the full stream if you
want to and now I'm going to go and film
a QA video for you guys that's going up
today so by the time you see this vlog
it will be out and you can watch it not
exactly the questions I'm looking for
what made you decide to drop out of
college I were to ask you to my school's
homecoming would you go with me well
that's the first 1i am honored that you
would ask me to your homecoming very
early in the morning and my uber just
got here and it's time to head back to
New York oh you got like three hours of
sleep I guess this video's theme is
Sarah hates to sleep
I'm back home feels good to be back home
I only here for a little bit though
because I leave for a Nashville very
soon I'm going to eat it some Thai food
gonna edit I will see you the next one
say pt ok fine and I realized oh wow I
hate college I hate it so much I hate
when I'm studying and by that time my
side hustle of making videos and doing
photo content social media had really
taken over my life and been something
that I could actively pursue as a career